feat(http): Add pages for Service Workers (#37230)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/serviceworkercontainer/register/index.md

### Using Service-Worker-Allowed to increase service worker scope

A service worker can't have a scope broader than its own location, unless the server specifies a broader maximum scope in a {{HTTPHeader("Service-Worker-Allowed")}} header on the service worker script.

> It's appropriate to use the `scope` option when you need a _narrower_ scope than the default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You canuse the `scope` option when you need a _narrower_ scope than the default.
```

}
```

> Servers can change the default maximum scope by setting the `Service-Worker-Allowed` header on the service worker script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Servers can change the default scope by setting the `Service-Worker-Allowed` header on the service worker script.
```

> In this case, the `scope` option can be narrower than the header value, but potentially larger than the service worker's location.

Reviewer: Maybe

```suggestion
This allows the `scope` option to be set outside the path defined by the service worker's location.
```
